Compressed HP-42s Skins (v. 1.0) for the Free42 Calculator
Chris Ahlstrom
2012-10-24 to 2016-02-01

Free42 is a cross platform (Mac, Windows, Linux, Android, iOS)
implementation of the HP-42s engineering calculator, from Thomas Okken:

    http://thomasokken.com/free42/

The free42-resources project archives some skins (and some programs) for
anyone to use.  Some of the skins have been created by myself.

These skins are meant to be more readable for someone like me who wears
contact lenses to see distance.  To use these skins (on Debian Linux,
anyway), copy the GIF and LAYOUT files to:

    ~/.free42

and then select the desired skin via the "Skin" menu.

My skins  were created by taking a large bitmap of an HP-42s scan, and
greatly cleaning up and enhancing the image, moving the keys closer together
so that scaling would not shrink them so much, and replacing the fonts
of the bitmap.  Software used:  the Gnu Image Manipulation Program (GIMP) and
vim.

Landscape versions are also provided for each skin.  One guy I gave the skins
to described the landscape skin as "wussy".

hp42s-easyeye-L.layout
hp42s-easyeye-P.layout

   These are large skins with a font (Sans Bold) close to the HP
   font,  The orange labels are larger than normal, easier to read.
   Suitable for high-pixel devices like the Razr Maxx.  Way too big for any
   laptop screen.

hp42s-easyeye-L-terminus.layout
hp42s-easyeye-P-terminus.layout

   These are the "easyeye" skins using the "terminus" font, even larger.
   Also reduced the brightness of the skin.

   Suitable for high-pixel devices like the Razr Maxx.

   Currently my favorite "HP compatible" skin, I use it one the Razr Maxx.

hp42s-easypc-L-small-terminus.layout
hp42s-easypc-P-small-terminus.layout

   For the PC, the skin needed to be shrunken, since the Windows and Linux
   versions do not accept a -g/-geometry option.  I wanted these skins to be
   comparable to gcalctool and galculator in size.

   This skin also includes blue lettering that shows the user which
   keyboard keys press which buttons.  Inspired by the 41ck skin.

   I also created a larger skin for smartphones, but decided not to include it
   since the keystrokes are useless.  However, this skin scales well in a
   smartphone, and at least offers a little extra color, at the expense of
   more UI clutter.

Long live the Free42 project!

# vim: sw=4 ts=4 wm=8 et ft=sh
